Move insights-analytics-collector into metrics-utility (#92)
ansible/metrics-utility: metrics_utility/base/README.md

- JSON collectors are processed first, it's not expected they'll exceed this size
  - if yes, use CSV format instead
- CSV files can be collected in two modes:
  - with slicing function 
    - splitting data by custom function - usually time interval
    - the purpose is to have reasonable SQL query in big databases
    - `@register(fnc_slicing=...)`
  - without slicing function
  - 
- CSV files are expected to be large (db data), so they can be split by `CsvFileSplitter` in the collector function.

How are files included into packages:
- JSON files are in first package
- CSVs without slicing are included to first free package with enough size (can be added to JSON files)
  - if function collects i.e. 900MB, it's sent in first 5 packages
  - two functions cannot have the same name in `@register()` decorator
- CSVs with slicing are sent after each slice is collected (with respect to smaller volume size if running in OpenShift/docker)
  - each slice can be also split by CsvFileSplitter, if bigger than MAX_DATA_SIZE
    - then each part of slice is sent immediately
  - two functions can have the same name in `@register()` decorator

> Number of packages (tarballs) is bigger of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of packages (tarballs) is bigger if:
```
I'm not sure what the phrase is supposed to say.

Author: I think the idea was that it's the bigger of two numbers. (so, `max(count_unsliced, count_sliced) + 1`)

Author: ```suggestion
The number of created packages (tarballs) is the larger of these counts:
```

maybe?

- number of files collected by one biggest registered CSV collector without slicing
- number of files collected by all registered CSV collectors with slicing
- can be +1 for JSON files

See the [test_gathering.py](tests/functional/test_gathering.py) for details

### Implementation

> Package is also abstract class. You have to implement basically info for POST request to cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package is also an abstract class. You have to implement basic info for POST request to cloud.
```
I don't understand.

Author: I think this was more like "`Package` is an abstract class, and you have to implement c.r.c-specific POST request details in a subclass." - `_get_x_rh_identity` is probably what it referred to.

Except the base Package implements a `ship` method very specific to c.r.c, and the subclasses for directory & s3 need to override it, so.. there's room for a bit of refactoring now :)

Author: ```suggestion
`Package` is also an abstract class. You have to implement the specifics of the `ship` method relevant to your backend.
```
